---
title: Minutes 2023-11-15
layout: post
author: Bilal AbdulRahman
---

# Minutes of the Programming and Hacking Communities Meeting
*November 15, 2023, 12:10 EST*

**Meeting Chair:**
- Mark Schramm (MS) 

**Meeting Secretary:**
- Bilal AbdulRahman (BA)

**Present:**
- Mikael Vejdemo-Johansson (MVJ)
- Jonathan Hanon (JH)
- Bilal AbdulRahman (BA) (arrived 19 minutes late)
- Edward Miller (EM)
- Sreehari Kalloormana (SK)
- Joshua Rollins (JR)
- Rose Wong (RW)

The meeting was called to order at 12:10 EST.

## Proposal for Agenda

1. Approving the Agenda 
2. Review Minutes
3. Collection of Priority Bids
4. Unfinished Business
5. Reviewing Pull Requests
6. New Business

## Item 1: Approving the Agenda 

The agenda was approved unanimously.

## Item 2: Approving the Minutes 

Motion by JR to suspend the rules for the approval of all changes to minutes at once, seconded. Motion passes unanimously.

- Fix SK's name in the minutes
- Change "abstraction" to "abstention"
- Switch Mark to his acronym

MS calls for a vote; minutes approved as corrected unanimously.

## Item 3: Collection of Priority Bids

- JR proposes spending 3 points on PR 73, 74 each.
- ZJ proposes spending 7 points on PR 63, 64 each.
- BA proposes spending 20 points on PR 66.
- MVJ proposes spending 21 points on PR 70.
- JH proposes spending 21 points on PR 62, 65, 69.
- JH proposes spending 16 points on 69.
- JR proposes to revise his bid to 1 point each on all his previous pull request bids.
- BA proposes spending 25 points on PR 66.
- MVJ proposes spending 26 points on PR 70 and 11 on 69.

JH returns to the meeting at 12:38 pm.

Order of pull requests:
69 - 27,
70 - 26,
66 - 25,
62 - 21,
65 - 21,
63 - 7,
64 - 7,
73 - 1,
74 - 1

## Item 4: Unfinished Business 

### Pull Request 69

- Amendment proposed by EM and withdrawn.
- Point inversion proposed by MVJ and seconded by BA.
- Point inversion denied by majority.
- Call to question by BA, seconded by JR.
- Approved by majority.

Motion rejected by majority.
Ayes: ZJ, JR, RW
Nays: BA, SK, MVJ, EM
Abstention: JH

### Pull Request 70

- Amendment proposed by MVJ to change "is" to "are."
- Amendment passes by majority.
- Amendment proposed by MVJ to remove 354 from the rule.
- Amendment passes unanimously.
- Amendment proposed by JR to add a line in the event of absence; the penalty will be multiplied at the time of nomic adjournment on that day.
- Amendment passes by majority.
- Amendment proposed by JH to make the rule an update to 354.
- Amendment passes unanimously.
- JH proposes an amendment to make the update make sense.
- Amendment passes unanimously.
- Amendment passes by majority.
  - Ayes: RW, SK, JR, BA, JH, MVJ
  - Nays: EM

### Pull Request 66

- Motion by MVJ to table pull request until spelling mistakes are fixed.
- Motion passes with the majority.
  - Ayes: RW, SK, JR, JH, MVJ, EM
  - Nays: BA

### Pull Request 62

- Motion by JH to amend the language to add an amendment clause and add a 20-point penalty to manipulate pull request.
- Amendment passes by majority.
- Motion by JH to add a definition of manipulation of pull request numbers.
- Amendment passes by majority.
- Motion passes by majority.
  - Ayes: RW, SK, JR, ZJ, EM
  - Nays: BA, MVJ

### Pull Request 65

- Point inversion called by BA.
- Motion passed by majority.
- Motion by MVJ to make quorum to 9 students.
- Motion denied by the majority.
- Motion accepted by majority.
  - Ayes: RW, SK, JR, ZJ, EM
  - Nays: JH, MVJ

### Pull Request 63

- Motion to fix language by BA.
- Passes unanimously.
- Motion to fix language by SK.
- Passes unanimously.
- Motion to call to question.
- Passes unanimously.
- Main motion passes by the majority.
  - Ayes: RW, SK, JR, ZJ, BA
  - Nays: MVJ, JH, EM

### Pull Request 64

- Pull request is tabled until the language is fixed.

### Pull Request 73

- JH, MVJ, JH propose an amendment to count absent penalties separately from the rule.
- Amendment passes by the majority.
- Call to question by EM.
- Passes by the majority.
- Main motion passes by the majority.
  - Ayes: RW, SK, JR, BA, EM
  - Nays: ZJ, MVJ, JH

Motion to adjourn by BA, seconded. Meeting adjourned at 13:40 EST.

## Total Player Points Gained/Lost on Nov-1-23
- BA: -19-15+10 = -24
- MVJ:-11-26+10+93+10-10+5+5 = 76
- JH: -16-21-21-10+51-10-53+5+5 = -70
- EM: 10+5+52 = 67
- SK: 0
- JR: -1
- RW: +10
- ZJ: -7-7+10+46+5 = 47
- MS: 0

Note: This does not include point corrections to previous minutes, only those gained/lost on the above date.
