---
title: Minutes 2023-09-13
layout: post
author: Edward Miller
---

# Minutes - Programming and Hacking Communities Meeting
## 9/13/2023, 11:45am

Meeting Chair:
: Sreehari Kalloormana

Meeting Secretary:
: Edward Miller

Present:
: Mikael Vejdemo Johansson (MVJ), Jonathan Hanon (JH), Bilal Abdulrahman (BA), Mark Schramm(MS), Zhiyuan Jin (ZJ), Edward Miller (EM), Sreehari Kalloormana (SK), Joshua Rollins (JR)

Meeting called to order at 1:10pm

ZJ not in meeting when called to order.

### Proposal for agenda:

Approving of Agenda
Approving the minutes of the previous meeting
Approving the subcommittee proposal
Evaluating pull requests
Unfinished business
New business

### Item 1. Approving the Agenda
Agenda moved by MNJ, seconded by JH

BI proposes to amend agenda to switch items 3 and 4,
ZJ entered meeting at 1:11pm and proposal seconded by ZJ

Amendment to agenda to switch 3 and 4 passes by majority voting against EM, SK, MS

Amendment to agenda to delete item 3 and move item to 5a under unfinished passes by majority, voting against EM and JH

Amended Agenda carries by majority vote, voting against EM, BA

### Item 2. Approving the minutes of the previous meeting

JH proposes correction of minutes to correct spelling of Mark Schramm’s name to previous minutes,

Correction of minutes passes with no objections

Minutes approved as corrected with majority vote, voting against: ZJ

### Item 3. Evaluating pull requests

Pull requests created by MVJ

BA proposes Rule F23 evaluated first, MVJ seconded.
Proposal to evaluate F23 first passes by majority, voting against: EM, ZJ, JR
Proposal to treating week old pull requests as unfinished business passes by majority, voting against: EM

MVJ proposes to amend F23 rule to change spelling from ‘nae’ to ‘nay’
Amendment passes with no objections.
Amended F23 rule passes by majority: voting against EM, JR, MS

SK as chair evaluates next pull request – Rule 303
MVJ proposes to amend 303 formatting.
Proposal passes with no objection.

Withdrawal of 303 change passes by majority: voting against JH
MVJ proposes to consider 208 next.
Proposal passes by majority, voting against EM, ZI, JC

BA proposes amendment to rule change by keeping point system in place but that game ends at the end of the semester., and the player with the most points wins.
Amendment passes with majority vote Voting against: ZJ, JH

Rule change for 208 defeated by voting against JH, MS, ZJ, EM, JC

SK motions to adjourn, motion approved unanimously.
Meeting adjourned at 1:57 pm
