Meeting Chair: : Zhiyuan Jin (ZJ)

Meeting Secretary: : Rose Wong (RW)

Present:
Jonathan Hanon (JH), Edward Miller (EM), Joshua Rollins (JR), Mark Schramm (MS), Rose Wong (RW), Zhiyuan Jin (ZJ), Sreehari Kalloormana (SK) - arrived 11:59 PM, Bilal Abdulrahman (BA) - arrived 12:17 17 point penalty (32 minutes late)
Absent:
Mikael Vejdemo-Johansson (MVJ) 

Guest will attend Dec 6

Meeting called to order at 12:55pm

Proposal for agenda:
Approving the agenda
Approval of previous Minutes
Collection of priority bids
Unfinished Business
Pull requests
New business


Item 1. Approving the Agenda
JH moved to add collection of priority bids to agenda as third agenda item. Approved unanimously.
Agenda approved unanimously.

Item 2. Approval of the Minutes

JR moved to suspend the rules to make all corrections at once. seconded by EM.
JH suggested the following edits:
Replace all instances of MJV with MVJ.
Add on Line 61 that BA spends 6 points once PR 54 once it reaches the floor.
JH updating point changes in the data file per the minutes.
Add MVJ spends 5 points on PR 57
Add MVJ spends 5 points on PR 58


RW motioned to approve the minutes. Seconded by BA. Minutes approved unanimously

Item 3: Priority Points Bids
JR bids 1 point on PR67
BA bids 2 points each on PR 66 and 68
JR revised 3 points on PR67
BA revised 4 points on PR68
EM bids 5 on PR60
JH bids 5 each on 62, 65, 69

Final Bids and order
EM, 60, 5
JH, 62, 5
JH, 65, 5
JH, 69, 5
BA, 68, 4
JR, 67, 3
BA, 66, 2

Item 4. Unfinished Business
No unfinished business

Item 5.
Pull Request 60 by EM

JH moves and seconded by EM to amend file name to 360.md. approved unanimously
Bilal moved to amend to amend by replacing abstraction to nays.
Ayes- Sr, BA, ZJ, JH
Nay - EM, RW,
Amendment passed

BA called the question, Mark objected call 
Aye - BA, JR
Nay - everyone else
Mark moves to amend PR to remove last paragraph, seconded by JR
Ayes - SR, JR, Mark, RW, ZJ
passes by majority

JR calls for point inversion, seconded by JH
Aye - all but ZJ and EM
Nay - EM
Point inversion passed by majority

RW called the question and seconded by Mark
Pass unanimously

Rule change
Aye - all but EM
Nay - EM
Abstain - AJ
Passes unanimously


BA motioned and EM seconde to adjourn meeting at 1:45PM













Rule change passes 6 - 1

Point gains: BA +35, EM + 10

BA moved to postpone consideration of PRs #41, #42 until next week. Seconded by JR. Motion passed unanimously

Pull request 43 by MS
BA moved and seconded by EM to remove "and amendments" Passed unanimously

MVJ moved to amend last sentence starting with Mark S to " a new officer of the role called the "records keeper" is instituted and elected from the participants whose responsibilitiy is to track and report the current max number of rules voted on and to track and report the chair rewards". Seconded.

ZJ moved to amend the amendment to "the secretary will tract and report..." Seconded.

ZJ called the question on amendment to amendment. seocnded by MVJ. Passed unananimously.

Amendment to amendment passed unanimously.

Vote on amendment: Ayes: MVJ, BA, MS, ZJ, EM, RW Nays: JH, JR

Amendment passed

BA called the question on rule change. Seconded. Call passed unanimously.

Ayes: BA, MS, JR, ZJ Nays: JH, EM, MVJ, RW Rule change failed

Points: +10 points each to BA, JR, ZJ, -10 points to Mark

Pull Request 45 by EM
MVJ moves to amend "introduce on line 5 "the dissenters is someone who votes against a rule change proposal or for a losing rule change proposal..." Seconded by BA

JH moves to suspend the rules in order to allow this rule change to be discussed alongside the abolishment of rule 339. Seconded by BA. Passes unanimously

BA called the question and seconded by MVJ. Call passes unanimously. Question is to amend "dissenter receives 10 points, if two dissenters 5 points each, if more than 3 no points"

Ayes: MVJ, JH, BA, MS, ZJ, RW, EM Nays: JR

Vote on the pull request: Ayes: MVJ, EM, JH, RW Nays: BA, JR, ZJ

Rule change passes 4 - 3

Points +32 points to EM and +10 to dissenters JR, BA and ZJ

Pull Request 46 by BA
MVJ motions to suspend any Pull Request by BA. Seconded by BA. Ayes: MVJ, JH, BA, MS, RW, EM, JR Nays: ZJ Motion passes by majority

Pull request 48 by MVJ

Ayes: RW, JR, BA, EM, MVJ Nays: JH, MS, ZJ

Rule change passes 5 vs. 3

Points: MVJ +36

ZJ moved and seconded by MVJ to adjourn. Motion rejected unanimously

Pull Request 40 by BA
MVJ moves to amend proposal with 2 edits: insert word "only" instead of "during", and "to be multiplied by negative 1". Seconded by BA.

MS moves to suspend rules to discuss edits. Passes unanimously.

MVJ moves to change wording to "for the next rule change vote". Seconded by JH

JH proposes to amend "only on rule change that is currently on the floor"

MVJ proposes edits to first clause

JH proposes and seconded by EM to suspend rules to consider all proposals.

JR called the question (to amend the rule change). Call passes unanimously

BA called the question. Seconded by MVJ. Passes unanimously

Aye - RW, EM, JH, BA Nays - JR, MVJ, AJ Abstain - MS

Rule change passes 4 to 3

Points - BA +29

BA moved to adjourn MVJ. Seconded. Meeting adjourned 1:51PM.
