---
title: Minutes 2023-12-6
layout: post
author: Edward Miller
---

# Minutes - Programming and Hacking Communities Meeting

## 12/6/2023, 11:45am

Meeting Chair:
: Joshua Rollins (JR),

Meeting Secretary:
: Edward Miller (EM)

Present: 
: Mikael Vejdemo Johansson (MVJ), Jonathan Hanon (JH), Bilal Abdulrahman (BA), Edward Miller (EM), Sreehari Kalloormana (SK), Joshua Rollins (JR), Rose Wong (RW), Zhiyuan Jin (ZJ), Mark Schramm (MS)

Late:
:BA arrived at 1:07 pm (Excused -no points lost)
SK arrived at 12:06 pm (6 in the room at the time of arrival, so 36 penalty points)
ZJ arrived at 12:07 pm (7 in the room at the time of arrival, so 49 penalty points)

Meeting called to order at 1:17pm by JR.

### Proposal for agenda: 

1. Approving of Agenda 
2. Collection of priority bids
3. Review Minutes
3a. Point Standings
4. Unfinished business
5. Reviewing pull requests
6. Final point standings

### Item 1.  Approving the Agenda 

Agenda moved by JR. Agenda approved as is unanimously.

### Item 2.  Priority Bids

MS proposes to spend 10 points for pull request #80 (PR 80).
BA proposes to spend 110 points for PR 82.
MVJ proposes to spend 125 points for PR 75 and 60 points for PR 79.
JR proposes to spend 10 points for PR 74.

### Item 3.  Approving the Minutes 

JR calls for vote to review minutes until end of class.
JH, BA, EM, SK, JR, RW, ZJ, and MS vote aye.
MVJ votes nay. 
Motion passes by majority vote.

### Item 3a.  Point Standings

MVJ reviews point standings as of last class for the game of Nomic. 
Minutes from 11-29-23 reviewed briefly only to determine point standings without a motion to approve minutes.

### Item 4.  Unfinished Business 

JR moves to go straight to reviewing pull requests, due to time constraints.
Motions passes with no objections.

### Item 5.  Reviewing pull requests

#### Pull Request 75

Consideration of PR 75 by MVJ, MVJ spends 125 points per priority bid.
JR calls the question, vote taken for rule 375. 
MVJ and EM vote aye, JH, BA, SK, JR, ZJ, and MS vote nay, RW abstains.
Rule change does not pass.
MVJ, EM receive 5 points each for dissenting votes in favor of a failed rule change.
MVJ loses 10 points due to proposing failed rule change.

#### Pull request #82

Consideration of PR 82 by BA, BA spends 110 points per priority bid.
JH calls the question, seconded. vote taken for rule 382.
ZJ votes aye, BA, EM, SK, JR, MS, RW, and MVJ vote nay, JH abstains.
Rule change does not pass.
BA loses 10 points due to proposing failed rule change.
ZJ gains 10 points for dissenting on failed rule change.

#### Pull Request 79 

Consideration of PR79 by EM, MVJ spends 60 points per priority bid.
MS calls for point inversion, seconded, point inversion passes unanimously.
RW makes motion to amend wording of ‘is passed’ to ‘shall pass’.
JH makes motion to amend amendment by removing the word ‘and’ from line 10.
JH calls question, call the question passes unanimously.
Vote taken on amendments to rule. Rule amendment passes unanimously.
JR moves to call the question, call the question passes unanimously, vote taken on rule 379.
JH, BA, EM, SK, JR, RW, MVJ, and MS vote aye, ZJ votes nay.
Rule 379 passes by majority vote.
MVJ notes that when points are tallied, the current leader at the time this rule is adopted (1:40pm) will lose half of their points. 
EM loses 79 points due to rule adoption with point inversion.
ZJ loses 10 points due to lone dissenting vote during point inversion.

#### Pull request 74

Consideration of PR74 by EM, JR spends 10 points per priority bid.
BA calls the question, seconded, vote taken to call the question.
BA votes aye, JH, EM, SK, JR, RW, MVJ, ZJ, and MS vote nay.
Call the question does not pass, and rule is debated.
BA calls question, motion to call question passes unanimously, vote taken on rule 374.
RW, JH, BA, JR, and EM vote aye, MS, SK, and ZJ vote nay, MVJ abstains.
Rule 374 passes with majority vote.
EM gains 47 points due to rule adoption, and due to rule adoption clause, 23 of the points must be given to a player of EM’s choosing. EM elects to give points at the end of class.
MS, SK, and ZJ gain 0 points due to 3 or more dissenting votes.

### POINT TALLYING 

JR makes motion to suspend rules for final point count, seconded.
Motion to suspend rules for the tallying of points passes unanimously.
It is noted that BA did not have enough points to spend for priority bid of rule 82.
Points tallied, and it is determined that ZJ loses 79 points, 
which is 1/2 of all accumulated points as of the passing of PR79, due to ZJ being the current leader in points with 158 points at the time of rule adoption. 
The 10 points from point inversion are deducted after half of the points are taken away.
Motion to adjourn by BA, not seconded. Motion not considered
EM elects to give his 23 points earned from the passing of rule 74 to JR.
At 2:00pm all players leave the room without officially adjourning. 

## Total Player Points Gained/Lost on Dec-6-23

- BA -110 -10 = **110 points lost** 
- MVJ -125 +5 -10 - 60 = **190 points lost** 
- EM +5 -79   +23 = **51 points lost**
- SK -36 penalty points for lateness = **36 points lost**
- JR -10 + 23 = **13 points gained**
- ZJ -49 penalty points for lateness +10 -79 -10 = **128 points lost**

Note: This does not include point corrections to previous minutes,
only those gained/lost on above date.
