---
title: Minutes 2025-09-16
layout: post
author: OlgaKey
---

# Minutes - Programming and Hacking Communities Meeting

## 9/16/2025, 2:00pm

Meeting Chair (Товарищ Supreme Leader Grand Khan of the Universe):
: Beam

Meeting Secretary (Товарищ The Oracle Knower of All Speaker to the Stars):
: OlgaKey

Present (Товарищи): 
: Jonathan Hanon (JH), Cesar Herrera (CH), Heather Roberts (HR), Jesse Dimino (JD), Isa Jafarov (IJ),  Dan Weiner (DW), Cheng Ning (CN), Beam, OlgaKey (OK), Mikael Vejdemo-Johansson (MVJ) 

Absent:
: None


Meeting called to order at 2:59pm

### Proposal for agenda:

1. Approving the agenda
2. Approval of the minutes from the last meeting
3. Propose and vote on rule changes
     3a. Pull Request 103 by Товарищ Isa
     3b. Pull Request 104 by Товарищ Mikael
     3c. Pull Request 105 by Товарищ Heather
     3d. Pull Request 106 by Товарищ Dan
4. New Business


### Item 1. Approving the Agenda

Agenda moved by JD, Seconded by OK

The agenda carries unanimously

### Item 2. Approval of the minutes from the last meeting

Incidental motion: minutes were incomplete. Request to add the minutes. Will be discussed at the next meeting
Mikael moved second by Heather

Aye: JH, CH, HR, JD, IJ,  DW, CN, Beam, OK, MVJ
Nay: None
Passed unanimously

### Item 3a. Pull Request #103 (formatted incorrectly as Rule 403 and 404) by Tavaresh Isa

Before the floor: JD and MVJ asked if IJ is willing to combine both conditions into one proposal amend the proposal to fuse both conditions into one rule. 
IJ: proposes to skip the rule change labeled 403 and discuss only the one labeled 404

Motion by pull request by IJ to create a new rule 403: If a player needs more time to think about the matter before voting, he/she may request to postpone voting to the next plenary session.
Second by: no need to be second because the discussion started

Aye: JH, IJ
Nay: CH, HR, JD, DW, CN, Beam, OK, MVJ

The motion fails. 

Point updates:
IJ loses 10

### Item 3b. Pull Request #104

Motion by pull request by MVJ to create a new Rule 404:
Any number stated with numerals in the body of mutable rules is to be doubled before interpreting the rule.
Any number spelled out with letters remains unchanged.
Seconded by JD

JH: Motion to amend the rule proposal to change the phrasing of "to be doubled" to "to be multiplied by 2"
Seconded by MVJ

Olga: Motion to amend an amendment: change "2" to "5"
Seconded by JH

Votes for amendment to the amendment (multiply by 5):
Aye: JH,  JD,  OK 
Nay:  CH, HR, IJ,  DW, CN, Beam, MVJ
Amendment to amendment failed

Votes for the amendment (multiplied by 2):
Aye: JH, CH, JD, IJ
Nay: HR, DW, CN, Beam, OK, MVJ
Amedmant failed

Votes for the rule:
Aye: JH,  JD, DW, MVJ
Nay: CH, HR, IJ, CN, Beam, OK,
Rule 404 failed

MVJ loses 10

### Item 3c. Pull Request #105

Motion by pull request by HB to create a new Rule 405:
If a vote passes with an amendment, the player who introduced the amendment retains half the points, rounded up to the nearest integer, of the player who introduced the new rule.
Seconded by OK

JH: motion to amend:
If a rule change passes with an amendment, each player who introduced an adopted amendment to the rule change will be awarded points equal to half of the points awarded to the player who proposed the rule change, rounded up to the nearest integer.
Seconded by DW

Votes for the amendment:
Aye: JH, CH, HR, JD, DW, CN, Beam, MVJ
Nay: IJ, OK,
Amendment to the rule passed

Votes for the rule:
Aye: JH,  HR,  IJ,  DW, CN, Beam, 
Nay: CH, JD, OK, MVJ
Rule passes

Heather got 69 points
JH got 35

### Item 4. New Business

No new business introduced.

Beam adjourns the meeting at 3:53pm
