---
number: 214
mutability: mutable
---

As a reward/incentive for accumulating points quickly/playing the game well, the first player to come within 10 points of winning the
game is allowed to decree one mutable rule which will automatically be passed without a vote, and only a unanimous vote declaring this 
rule 'unreasonable' can repeal this rule once decreed. A simple majority is not enough, only unanimous votes are valid. However, if this 
rule is considered 'unreasonable' by unanimous vote, the winner loses 10 points. It should be noted that this rule proposal does not give 
the player any additional points for the act of passing this rule.

The rule can overrule previous mutable rules, but cannot overrule any immutable rules, so in cases of conflicts between rules, 
the immutable rules still take precedence before the mutable rule decreed by the player, but the player's decree can take precedence 
over other mutable rules. If the rule does come into conflict with an immutable rule, it will be decreed 'unreasonable' by default,
and the player will lose 10 points as if overruled by a unanimous vote. In the event of ties, and multiple players reach 10 points of
winning the game at the same time,  each player is allowed to decree their own mutable rule that will be automatically passed, except
by a unanimous votes, but is also subject to the same penalty of 10 points if the rule is considered 'unreasonable' by a unanimous vote.

Lastly, if one or more players first reaching the threshold for the allowance of a decree of a mutable rule, chooses not to exercise 
this privilege, the player(s) does not risk a unanimous vote against and thus does not risk a loss of 10 points. This rule only takes 
effect for the first player(s) reaching the 10 points of winning the game threshold; it does not apply to any other players that reach 
the threshold after the first player(s) reach it, regardless of whether the mutable rules decreed are considered 'unreasonable' or not 
and this is in effect for the duration of the game.
