---
number: 307
mutability: mutable
---

As a reward/incentive for accumulating points quickly/playing the game well, the first player to come within 10 points of winning the game, henceforth The Leader, is allowed to decree one mutable rule which will automatically be passed without a vote, and only a unanimous vote among the other players declaring this  rule 'unreasonable' can repeal this rule once decreed.
A simple majority is not enough, only unanimous votes among the other players are valid.
However, if this  rule is considered 'unreasonable' by unanimous vote, the Leader loses 25 points.
It should be noted that this rule proposal does not give  the player any additional points for the act of passing this rule.

The rule can overrule previous mutable rules, but cannot overrule any immutable rules, so in cases of conflicts between rules,  the immutable rules still take precedence before the mutable rule decreed by the player, but the player's decree can take precedence  over other mutable rules.
If the rule does come into conflict with an immutable rule, it will be decreed 'unreasonable' by default, and the Leader will lose 25 points as if overruled by a unanimous vote among the other players.
In the event that multiple players reach within 10 points of winning the game at the same time,  each player is allowed to decree their own mutable rule that will be automatically passed, except by a unanimous votes among other players, but is also subject to the same penalty of 25 points if the rule is considered 'unreasonable' by a unanimous vote among other players.

Lastly, if one or more players first reaching the threshold for the allowance of a decree of a mutable rule, chooses not to exercise  this privilege, the player(s) does not risk a unanimous vote against and thus does not risk a loss of 25 points.
This rule only takes  effect for the first player(s) reaching the 10 points of winning the game threshold; it does not apply to any other players that reach  the threshold after the first player(s) reach it, regardless of whether the mutable rules decreed are considered 'unreasonable' or not  and this is in effect for the duration of the game.
